here from the problem statement we observed that we decided to divide the attendance based on the section wise that to belongs to the each department.here we are able to perform crud operations on sections that means we can add section or delete section. from the given statement every student will have their name, roll number, section, profile will be taken. in this section based system the respective time tables will also be considered to mark  attendance . so attendance will be taken subject wise by the respective subject faculty if faculty was not available then class incharge will mark their attendance . the class incharge will give the access to the subject wise faculty for there respective class attendance marking. the daily attendance will be marked if the student attends atleast for half of the subject classes. incharge can be able to render daily attendance graph weekly attendance and monthly attendance and also semester wise attendance as well. he can able to see each students attendance percentage also.here class incharges will be assigned by respective departments hods. these graphs will also be available to respective dean, principal, hod,admin. for faculty they can only see their subject attendance and for students they can only saw their respective attendance for each subject and for entire semister attendance. here we can able to delete the entire sections attendance once if the semester ends. while the respective role retrieving data it needs to be loaded within 30 seconds of time. the classes will be divided based on department(branch),studying year(1st,2nd,3rd,4th year),section. the student attendance will be marked only within that 24 hours of time and after that it will be disabled for that day. if student have taken permission then it will be marked as hod permission in different colour than regular presents. for the first year first semester students its exceptional case like they don't have their roll numbers assigned yet. so we cannot consider roll number as their unique id then. what could be better to use as their unique id. the hierarchy will like class incharge will add or delete students. subject faculty assignment for attendane marking will also be done by class incharge. these inchares will be assigned by hod. hod will be assigned by principal. refer to the format how the other student attendance tracking systems have taken also consider this methodology now give me your idea based on this and also tell me what details I need to uniquely identify the faculty,hod,principal,class incharge,dean. and also based on the attendane and timetable daily. the time table will designed for a week. which contains specific time period for each subject and lab.subject faculty may also be a class incharge for that class or else for any other class. we can only perform crud operations o attendance during college hours. tell me how the backend structure needs to be designed to make this project work //enhance this prompt given and also information based on the given pdf to make gpt give an idea on how to map each data base  to frontend.
